bookworm asked  "Simulacrum" story with hash 1212fcee
<---- snip ---->
 arc, Dan Jurgens and Scot Eaton began the "Parallax" story arc with issue #51, with Jurgens writing and Eaton penciling. The story arc featured the return of Parallax and the reintroduction of the Yellow Power Ring, both of which had been largely absent from the series since the mid-1990s.

In the "Parallax" story arc, Hal Jordan is framed for murder and must clear his name while at the same time trying to prevent Parallax from using the entire Corps to recreate the universe in his own image. The arc also saw the return of the Alpha Lanterns, a group of Green Lanterns who are outfitted with cybernetic implants that allow them to monitor and enforce the will of the Guardians of the Universe. Additionally, the story saw the return of Hal's former love interest, Carol Ferris, as the new Star Sapphire.

The story arc concluded with issue #57, in which Hal is able to clear his name and prevent Parallax from destroying the universe. The arc was followed by the "The Alpha Lanterns" story arc, which saw the Green Lanterns dealing with the fallout from the Parallax incident, as well as the repercussions of the Alpha Lanterns' actions.

The series was then followed by "The Sinestro Corps War" story arc, which saw the return of Sinestro and his newly formed Sinestro Corps, an army of yellow-powered ring-wielders. The story arc saw the Green Lanterns and their allies battling against the Sinestro Corps, as well as the return of the Anti-Monitor. The story arc concluded with the death of Sinestro, and the subsequent rebirth of the Guardians of the Universe.

The series was then followed by the "Agent Orange" story arc, which saw the Green Lanterns battling against the newly formed Orange Lantern Corps, led by Larfleeze. The story arc concluded with the Green Lanterns successfully defeating Larfleeze and his Orange Lantern Corps, as well as restoring the Guardians of the Universe to their former glory.

The series was then followed by the "Blackest Night" story arc, which saw the return of the dead across the universe, as well as the introduction of the Black Lantern Corps. The story arc concluded with the Green Lanterns and their allies successfully defeating the Black Lantern Corps and restoring peace to the universe.

The series was then followed by the "Brightest Day" story arc, which saw the return of the White Lantern Corps, as well as the return of Hal Jordan as the White Lantern. The story arc concluded with the Green Lanterns and their allies successfully restoring balance to the universe, as well as the return of the Guardians of the Universe to their former glory.

The final storyline of the series was the "Rise of the Third Army" story arc, which saw the introduction of the Third Army, an army of
