bookworm asked 100 interesting latin facts with hash 4ed8ecd2
<---- snip ---->
1. The word ‘Virgo’ is Latin for ‘virgin’.

2. The Latin phrase ‘Carpe diem’ translates to ‘seize the day’.

3. The Latin word for ‘star’ is ‘stella’.

4. The Latin phrase ‘in vino veritas’ translates to ‘in wine is truth’.

5. The Latin phrase ‘amor vincit omnia’ translates to ‘love conquers all’.

6. The Latin phrase ‘ad astra per aspera’ translates to ‘to the stars through difficulties’.

7. Latin is one of the oldest languages still in use today.

8. Latin was the official language of the Roman Empire.

9. Latin is an official language of the Vatican City.

10. Latin is the official language of the Catholic Church.

11. Latin is one of the official languages of the European Union.

12. The Latin phrase ‘habeas corpus’ translates to ‘you have the body’.

13. The Latin phrase ‘mens sana in corpore sano’ translates to ‘a healthy mind in a healthy body’.

14. The Latin phrase ‘anima sana in corpore sano’ translates to ‘a healthy soul in a healthy body’.

15. The Latin phrase ‘semper fidelis’ translates to ‘always faithful’.

16. The Latin phrase ‘tempus fugit’ translates to ‘time flies’.

17. The Latin phrase ‘ad infinitum’ translates to ‘to infinity’.

18. The Latin phrase ‘ad hoc’ translates to ‘for this purpose’.

19. The Latin phrase ‘hic et nunc’ translates to ‘here and now’.

20. The Latin phrase ‘cogito ergo sum’ translates to ‘I think, therefore I am’.

21. Latin is the root language of many modern languages, including Portuguese, Spanish, French, Italian, and Romanian.

22. Latin is the language of science and medicine.

23. Latin was used extensively by the Catholic Church for many centuries.

24. Latin is the language of law, philosophy, and the arts.

25. Latin was the language of the Roman Empire for over 1,000 years.

26. Latin is still used by some churches and in some ceremonial contexts.

27. Latin was used extensively in the Middle Ages for scholarly and religious works.
